The Titanic was part of the one of the most iconic tragedies of all time. RMS Titanic was a British passenger ship that hit an iceberg on her maiden voyage from Southampton, England, to New York City, United States with a death total of 1,496 a true tragedy and one that is still present in todays society with even a movie being made on it. In class we were  provided with a dataset that contained different things about the passengers from the titanic such as for example PassengerId, there class name sex age if they survived or not and other things. 
       


    Based on this data we had to make 3 questions which we would answer using pandas an open-source software library used for data manipulation and analysis.My first question I developed was to find out the amount of men vs women in each class .To answer this question i created a variable called data1  which collects each columns info then counts it to see the number of men and women in each class.

    data1 = df.groupby(["Pclass","Sex"])['Survived'].count() 

    I then ploted data1 onto a graph which showed all the information of specifically what i needed the class, Sex and Survived.

    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    data1.plot.bar(x='Sex', y = 'Pclass',rot=0);
    (Data for the graph)

    The data presented in the graph reveals men were most of the passengers on the ship in each class had more  men then woman in each.


    My Second question I developed was to find out the mean of people who died in each class. To answer this question i created a varibale  called data2 which had the same function as data1 but instead of counting the number of men and women in each class it got the median of people who survived in each class.

    data2 = df.groupby(["Pclass"])['Survived'].mean()
    data2.plot(kind='bar')
    (This is both the data 2 variable code and what i used to plot it on a graph)

The data in the graph reveals that more people died in first class then in second and third

  My Third question I developed was to find out the mean of men vs women who survived on the titanic. To answer this question I did the same thing I did for the other two questions and made a variable called data3 which again  collects the data but instead of counting like data1 it got a mean of men vs woman survived like data2.

  data3 = df.groupby(["Sex"])['Survived'].mean()

The data present6ed in the graph reveals that woman were most of the people who survived the titanic while all the men who survived werent even half the amount.


import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
data3.plot.bar(x='Survived', y = 'Sex',rot=0);


For this weeks food we have a cold treat chocolate ice cream. It was cold as ice cause it was in the freezer but man did it hit the spot.Am i the only one that still eats ice cream in  cold weather because I personally think nothings the matter with doing it. I also never used to like chocolate ice when I was younger idk how because man I love it now. Kinda crazy that the same week I talk about the titanic, i eat ice cream and its starting to get really cold outside. 


If you want to view my full code that created my graphs you can view them here:
https://github.com/SeanJamesJr/Unit2/blob/main/titanic.ipynb








