Today in class we watched the Movie WALL-E and in it, Walle and Auto are depicted as highly intelligent robots with their personalities and ways of thinking. Walle kindly interacted with humans and was more passive and kind to them. Walles's original purpose in the movie was to collect all the trash on earth in piles to make it cleaner for the arrival of the humans but when he found the plant his function in the story was to get it to the captain so that the humans could go back to earth. AUTO is depicted in the film as a sentient autopilot with his personality and way of thinking just like Walle. Auto in the beginning of the story passively interacts with humans but when Walle comes in and tries to send them back to earth he turns more aggressive and strict toward them. The function of AUto in the story was to keep the humans in space guide them through it and not allow them back to Earth.


AN ethical dilemma that was shown in the movie was when AUTO locked the captain in his room so that he couldn't stop him from getting rid of the plant and fought him when he got out of the room so that he couldn't allow the plant to be put in its statue. These issues relate to real-world AI ethics for example smart vehicles are something similar this can happen and I'm sure this has already happened with people being locked in their cars and not being able to do anything with the evolution of AI I'm sure this could happen in  many other things


The film shows the potential for human-AI bonds through almost every interaction between Walle and the humans. When Walle interacted with every human he made a lasting effect on them throughout the movie. For example the man and the woman that he interacted with when he got them out of their chair. Walle caused them to break free from their restraints and experience life and each other and they also remembered him and tried to help him throught the movie when we thought Walle died they also grieved and were upset at his death. Another person Walle interacted with was the captain and when he interacted with him and showed him the plant it caused him to become more interested in the earth and spent all night researching earth.


The movie envisions the future of AI technology ina negative way and that we will be 100% reliant on AI technology which will cause us to be so obsessed with technology that we forget what is going on around us and lose all common sense and the ability to do almost everything. drawbacks of a society reliant on AI are loss of common sense, dumber people, fatter people, loss of common bodily functions, and lazier people. Some benefits of a society heavily reliant on AI are less use of gas, global warming reduction, and an easier way to know things. I feel that compared to the movie we are far away from the way people are portrayed in the movie but I do not feel we will be any were closer to what going to happen because people already are against the use of AI in simple ways and won't allow something like that to happen
